README.MD, before:

# Django base

## Commends
- django-admin - check if django works fine
- django-admin startproject 'name' - create folder with project name and some base staff inside
- python manage.py runserver (in base project package) - run project
    - gives us two pages: 127.0.0.1:8000 and /admin
- python manage.py startapp 'name' - create 'name' package with base file structure
- python manage.py migrate - migrate any changes to db
- python manage.py createsuperuser - create admin for app db
- python manage.py makemigrations - set up db
- python manage.py shell - run shell for project

## Base set up files for project
- manage.py - never touch this file
- wsgi.py - web server django set up
- urls.py - url system file
    - list of urls path
- settings.py - main configuration of file
    - database set up
    - installed apps list
    
## Base set up files for app
- admin.py - admin panel
- apps.py - 
- models.py - build database with database class objects
- tests.py - 
- views.py - functions/ classes to represents pages of our app

## Create app
- create urls.py in app package
- create function in views.py
- put paths to functions in app/urls.py
    - path('exact url path', path to function),
- need to use include fn in base urls.py

## Templates and Inheritance
- structure to create templates:
    app package/templates/app_name/templates_name.html
- in views.py change HTTPResponse into render(request, 'templates_path')

## CSS configuration in Django
- go to settings.py
- create STATICFILES_DIRS list
    - with os.path(BASE_DIR, 'static_folder_name')

## Database configuration
- in settings.py
- need to migrate all changes to db
- create class in models.py
- makemigration
- migrate
- register model
- we can add items to tables using admin page
- models.ForeignKey to connect data from different tables
    - Parameters - From witch table, on_delete(what happend if your connected value will gone)=models.SET_NULL

### QuerySet

### Customer Managment App
- python manage.py shell
- many to many correlation - use __

### Forms
- in views we add list of our parameters to class and add parameter to render fn as a dict

### Dynamic url routing
- in urls add <str:pk_test> to correct path
- in views add pk_test parameter to function
- use objects.get(id=pk_test) query

Commit message:

Fill customer.html with data from db with dynamic urls

README.MD, after:

# Django base

## Commends
- django-admin - check if django works fine
- django-admin startproject 'name' - create folder with project name and some base staff inside
- python manage.py runserver (in base project package) - run project
    - gives us two pages: 127.0.0.1:8000 and /admin
- python manage.py startapp 'name' - create 'name' package with base file structure
- python manage.py migrate - migrate any changes to db
- python manage.py createsuperuser - create admin for app db
- python manage.py makemigrations - set up db
- python manage.py shell - run shell for project

## Base set up files for project
- manage.py - never touch this file
- wsgi.py - web server django set up
- urls.py - url system file
    - list of urls path
- settings.py - main configuration of file
    - database set up
    - installed apps list
    
## Base set up files for app
- admin.py - admin panel
- apps.py - 
- models.py - build database with database class objects
- tests.py - 
- views.py - functions/ classes to represents pages of our app

## Create app
- create urls.py in app package
- create function in views.py
- put paths to functions in app/urls.py
    - path('exact url path', path to function),
- need to use include fn in base urls.py

## Templates and Inheritance
- structure to create templates:
    app package/templates/app_name/templates_name.html
- in views.py change HTTPResponse into render(request, 'templates_path')

## CSS configuration in Django
- go to settings.py
- create STATICFILES_DIRS list
    - with os.path(BASE_DIR, 'static_folder_name')

## Database configuration
- in settings.py
- need to migrate all changes to db
- create class in models.py
- makemigration
- migrate
- register model
- we can add items to tables using admin page
- models.ForeignKey to connect data from different tables
    - Parameters - From witch table, on_delete(what happend if your connected value will gone)=models.SET_NULL

### QuerySet

### Customer Managment App
- python manage.py shell
- many to many correlation - use __

### Forms
- in views we add list of our parameters to class and add parameter to render fn as a dict

### Dynamic url routing
- in urls add <str:pk_test> to correct path
- in views add pk_test parameter to function
- use objects.get(id=pk_test) query
- in urls we can add name parameter to path to create link in website to dynamic changes sites 
- we should use names for all path to could change easy path without changing teplates 
- adding urls links
    - {% url 'path_name' path_value %}
